README.md, before:

# DIS-Project

# Installing packages
Start by running the following command to ensure the required packages are installed:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

# Initializing database
Using pgAdmin4 create a new database called BeatThemAll. Inside the file "load_data.py", replace

    DB_PASS = "postgres_user_password"

with the relevant password for the user that created the database. With this run one of the following commands:

    python load_data.py
    python3 load_data.py

This reads our datasets, creates tables in the database and inserts the read data into those tables. If the script is run succesfully the database is now ready.

# Running the server
When all above is done correctly the server can be started by using the following command:

    flask run

# Interacting with the server
Interaction with the server takes place on a single page. There is a search bar that takes user input. Descriptive text guides the user and explains how to enter a sport into the search bar. Make sure to spell the sport correctly; however, by using a regular expression, the search bar is not case-sensitive. Searching for a sport that is present in our dataset, for example tennis, bowling, fishing and boxing, results in a list of Pokémon that, based on their attributes, an athlete from the given sport could beat. Make sure to hover over the pokemons to check their personal attributes.

Enjoy :)

Commit message:

Change initializing database and add Directory section in readme.

README.md, after:

# DIS-Project


# Directory
Make sure you are in the right directory:

    cd ../BeatThemAll2

# Installing packages
Start by running the following command to ensure the required packages are installed:

    pip install -r requirements.txt

# Initializing database
Using pgAdmin4 create a new database called BeatThemAll. Inside the file "load_data.py", replace

    DB_PASS = "postgres_user_password"

with the relevant password for the user that created the database. With this run one of the following commands:

    'python load_data.py' or 'python3 load_data.py'

Depending on your machine, this reads our datasets, creates tables in the database and inserts the read data into those tables. If the script is run succesfully the database is now ready.

# Running the server
When all above is done correctly the server can be started by using the following command:

    flask run

# Interacting with the server
Interaction with the server takes place on a single page. There is a search bar that takes user input. Descriptive text guides the user and explains how to enter a sport into the search bar. Make sure to spell the sport correctly; however, by using a regular expression, the search bar is not case-sensitive. Searching for a sport that is present in our dataset, for example tennis, bowling, fishing and boxing, results in a list of Pokémon that, based on their attributes, an athlete from the given sport could beat. Make sure to hover over the pokemons to check their personal attributes.

Enjoy :)
